Added tip that RouterOS uses ping (#22873)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mikrotik.markdown

## Prerequisites

You have to enable accessing the RouterOS API on your router to use this platform.

> RouterOS uses ping test to determine client presence, make sure you are not blocking this on the client (Windows firewall default behaviour), as this will result in Homeassistant `device_tracker` having state `Not_home`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

RouterOS uses a ping test to determine client presence, make sure you are not blocking this on the client (Windows firewall default behavior), as this will result in the provided `device_tracker` having the state `not_home`.
```
